Name three cities in Africa.
Go outside and belly dance.
Rub your face with chocolate cream and keep it for 20 minutes without rinsing it whilst on a video call.
Imagine you’re a rat, record a video of you escaping from the cat.
Send a screenshot of your search history for the last two days.
Jump in the shower with your clothes on in VC.
Order $10 worth of food for us.
Send us the link to the last YouTube video you watched.
Jump up and down as high as you can for a minute.
Record yourself doing a freestyle rap for a minute.
Wear a funny outfit and send us a photo.
Talk in a strange accent for the rest of the night.
Find some lipstick and put it on whilst wearing a blindfold.
Breakdance to a slow song for 3 minutes.
Brush your teeth with coal.
Show us your best dance moves.
Write funny words on your forehead and keep it there for half a day.
Record yourself singing a song and post it on YouTube.
Send us the most unflattering picture of yourself thats on your phone.
Drink a glass of water whilst being upside-down.
Put 10 different available liquids in a cup and drink it.
Take the dustbin fro the kitchen and try sell it to a random person.
Mix a drop of every condiment in your house and drink it.
Fill up the bath and get in it with what you're currently wearing.
Open all your windows and sing an entire song as loud as you can.
Try to lick your foot.
Try to do a three-way prank call to someone.
Read us the first email in your inbox.
Pick the 3rd number on your contacts list and message them a silly poem.
Put ice cubes in your mouth and try sing us a song.
Take a video of yourself doing a crazy dance and post it to social media somewhere.
Video call us and dance for 1 minute with no music.
Post a silly fact about yourself on a social media platform of your choosing.
Send a love letter through email to your teacher or boss.
Bark like a dog next time we're in VC.
Select a prank video from YouTube and try to replicate it.
Crack an egg on your head.
Put a teaspoon of soap in your mouth.
Close your eyes, reach into your fridge and eat the first thing you touch.
Go up to your window and dance badly until someone walks past.
Walk around the block and talk to yourself the entire time, even when people are around.
Shave a part of your body you wouldn't normally shave.
Send a screenshot of the last DM you sent (without context).
Try to lick your elbow next time we're on a video call.
Make a funny face and send us a picture.
Spin around 10 times and then try to walk straight.
Dig through the trash and tell us everything you find.
Text your crush saying "I just found out I'm secretly a ninja. Prepare to be impressed.".
Text your best friend asking them if they believe in aliens and then explain why you're convinced you are one.
Send a message to your parents saying "I have decided to drop everything and become a professional cheese sculptor. Wish me luck!".
Text a sequence of random emojis to a friend and tell them to try decode your "secret message".
Send a message to your sibling saying "I have hidden treasure in the backyard. You have five minutes to go and find it".
Ask your neighbour if they have seen your pet unicorn lately.
Ask your partner to rub your nose.
Call your partner and don't talk for 5 minutes and see if they stay in the call.
Pole dance with an imaginary pole.
Twerk for a minute.
Choreograph a new dance inspired by the act of doing and folding laundry.
Grab a broom and do a sexy dance with it.
Do 10 burpees whilst shouting your favourite quote.
Message someone you haven't talk to for at least a year and send us a screenshot of it (+their response).
Text your crush and ask them out on a date.
Call a stranger and tell them a secret.
Do as many squats as you can.
Do the worm.
Pretend you are drunk and try to convince one of us to come home with you.
Change into the sexiest outfit you own and send us a picture.
Get us excited by texting a single word or phrase.
Send a funny message to the 20th person in your DMs.
Sit on your hands for a minute.
Mix one egg yolk with sweet sauce and eat it.
Wear one of your mother's t-shirts for a day and see if anyone notices.
Call your mom and tell her you can't find a boyfriend/girlfriend whilst sounding panicky.
Describe what the sky looks like without using the words "blue", "white", "cloud", "sun" or "rain".
Keep a mouthful of ice cubes until they melt.
Repeat everything one of your family members say for a full minute.
Try to make a sandwich blindfolded.
Open your wallet and tell us what is in it.
Play air guitar for a minute.
Put flour all over your face and send us a selfie.
Eat a spoonful of cinnamon.
Paint your fingernails whilst blindfolded.
Moonwalk wherever you go for the next hour.
Dip your t-shirt in soap water and keep it in the freezer for 20 minutes and then wear it.
Imitate one of your classmates or co-workers.
Imagine your enemy in-front of you and try to fight them.
Imitate your crush's voice.
Yell and act out the first sentence that comes into your mind.
Do a handstand for 1 minute.
Say banana after everything you say until its your turn again.
Eat a spoonful of hot sauce.
Call a random person in your friends list and sing happy birthday to them.
Wear socks on your hands for the next 10 rounds.
Send a text to your crush saying "I love you" then immediately follow up with "Sorry, wrong person".
Go outside and yell something as loud as you can.
Send the group an embarrassing childhood photo.
Put an ice cube down your pants and leave it there until it melts.
Call a pizza place and order a pizza with anchovies and chocolate sauce.
Write your name with your non-dominant hand and post a picture of it on social media.
Do 20 jumping jacks whilst reciting the alphabet backwards.
Call anyone in your DMs and try to have a 10 minute conversation with them.
Eat a spoonful of mustard.
Share a short poem about your favourite vegetable.
Do your best impression of a cartoon character.
Eat a raw piece of onion.
Send a text to your ex saying, “I miss you. Let’s get back together.”
Send a text to the family group chat saying, “I am eloping with a stranger I met on the internet.”
Call a local restaurant and ask if they have a menu for pets.
Eat a slice of bread with ketchup as the topping.
Write a cheesy pickup line and send it to a friend with a straight face.
Write a short love letter to a random fruit in the room.
Attempt the first TikTok dance on your FYP.
Act like a chicken until your next turn.
Act out an infomercial for a product chosen by the other players.
Brush your teeth with salt.
Call a parent and prank them by saying you’ve been arrested.
Call your best friend and pick a fight with them.
Call your crush.
Change your relationship status on your social media.
Choose someone here to go skinny dipping with in a pool.
Comment a fire emoji on the first five pictures on your Instagram feed.
Demonstrate a sexual position with a pillow.
Do a plank for a full minute.
Do your best impression of a fish out of water.
Do your best sexy crawl.
Drink 1 cup of lemon juice.
Dump a bucket of cold water on your head.
Eat a bite of a banana peel.
Flash someone.
Give a lap dance to someone of your choice
Give a one-word “roast” to each other player.
Go outside and pretend to mow grass with an invisible mower — make mowing sounds too!
Keep your eyes closed until it’s your turn again.
Lead the group in a mini yoga class for one minute.
Lay on the floor and act like a sizzling piece of bacon.
Let another person post a status on your behalf.
Let the other players go through your phone for one minute.
Let the other players pose you and remain in that position until your next turn.
Lick a bar of soap.
Peel a banana using just your toes.
Pretend to make out with your hand.
Read aloud the last five things you searched on your phone.
Remove four items of clothing.
Remove your socks with your teeth.
Say something dirty to the person above you.
Seductively eat a banana.
Shave one eyebrow.
Show us the least sexy part of your body.
Show off your orgasm face.
Stand in the cold shower with your favorite clothes on.
Streak around the block.
Take a selfie on the toilet and post it.
Talk without closing your mouth.
Touch someone else’s tongue with yours.
Try to put your whole fist in your mouth.
Write a naughty story and send it to your crush.
Leave an R-rated voicemail for an ex.
Someone goes onto your Amazon account and buys a special toy for you that’s $20 or less.
You have to undress down to your accessories and skivvies. If you want to keep any clothes on, you have to take a shot for every piece of clothing you want to keep.
Change your status to “I’m coming ... I’m coming ...". Then, one minute later, change it to "I just came.”
Put on sexy music and vacuum with no pants on.
Put a sock in your pants and pretend it’s your junk for the rest of the night.
Give a detailed presentation on your sexual moves in the style of a TED Talk.
Try to take off your underwear without flashing anyone.
Draw eyes above your belly button and give a presidential address as this character.
Shave one of your arms.
You have to entirely redress yourself with whatever you find in the kitchen.
Give your junk a name, and then give a stream-of-consciousness speech from its perspective.
Try to hit on someone in this group like you’re at a bar.
You have to say, “I’m just a silly boy,” and slap yourself gently on the face 20 times.
Make as many different sounds with your lips as you can.
Pick up a random book and read it in the most seductive voice you can manage.
You have to hold a mouthful of water in your mouth until the round is over.
Send a video of you singing in the shower (without the water on!).
Send a video of you showing every part of your naked body except for ... you know what.
Change your status to “Feeling lonely ...”.
Scream. (Record it and send the audio.)
Continue the rest of this text conversation from under your bed.
Go hide in another room for the rest of the night.
Send a dirty message in emojis that the other person has to decode.
Dress up like your dad or mom and send a picture.
Write a haiku.
Send the most recent text that you sent your mom.
Send the most recent text that you sent your best friend.
Touch yourself every time you text.
Remove one piece of clothing every time you get a (non-text) notification on your phone.
Take off your pants.
Put on every single pair of underwear you have and send a picture.
Draw the best picture of a dog that you can.
One person gets to choose the other’s profile picture for the whole evening.
Do a naked somersault.
Slap yourself.
Draw a mustache on your face.
Cut off a little bit of your hair.
Do the rest of the call just in your underwear.
Read a colorful excerpt from a romance novel.
Until the next round, you have to try to talk like Yoda.
Draw a picture of your partner and post it on Facebook or Instagram, saying how much you love them.
Draw a picture of you and your partner and make it your profile picture.
Try to juggle three potatoes.
Make your 10 best fart noises.
Everyone calls you “Weiner” for the rest of the night.
Make a bowl of spaghetti and eat it without using your hands.
Show your armpits.
Finish the sentence: the world would be a better place if ____
Send your most embarrassing story.
Send us a screenshot of your last text conversation.
Text a family member, “I have something to tell you.”
Slide into a celebrity’s DMs.
Message your first crush, “I still love you.”
Text your crush and ask, “Will you marry me?”
Color your front teeth black with eyeliner and take a selfie.
Send the lyrics to your favorite song to your mom line by line.
Text a friend pretending to be their mom.
Tweet something with your eyes closed.
Call your ex and give them a piece of your mind.
Ask your neighbor for a penny.
Message someone random and say, “I see ghosts.”
Call Domino’s and pretend to order Pizza Hut.
Make someone here your lock screen for a week.
Message someone you don’t know that you’re glad you’re friends.
Like your crush’s first Instagram post.
Kiss your phone like it’s the love of your life.
Send your 5th DM the last GIF that you saved.
Message the 10th person in your DMs that they're cute.
Message the 7th person in your contacts that they're hot.
Eat a handful of dry noodles.
Send your dad the word dad joke you’ve ever heard.
Text a friend, “It’s all your fault!”
Call your mom by her first name.
Put your clothes on backwards and send us a pic.
Set your alarm for 4 AM.
Confess your love for Donald Duck on social media.
Change your profile picture to a baby picture of yourself.
Send a break-up message to someone random.
Call a random number and keep them talking for 3 minutes.
Send us the 26th photo in your phone.