What is that one secret you are hiding from your mom?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
If you could be invisible, what is the first thing you would do?
What is one thing most people don’t know about you?
Do you cover your eyes during the scary parts of a movie?
What makes you feel jealous?
What is the most embarrassing thing you’ve ever done?
Have you ever stalked someone on Facebook or Instagram?
Are you a dog or a cat person, and why?
What is one thing you wish you could change about yourself?
What makes you feel sad about society?
What is the most childish thing you’ve done over the age of 13?
What would you buy each person here if I gave you $50?
Who is your favorite person in our friend group?
If a genie granted you three wishes, what would you ask for?
What do you like more about each person here?
If we went through your room, what is something we would be shocked to find?
What are you most self-conscious about?
Is there anything in your life that you would change?
Did you hurt someone recently?
What is the scariest dream that you’ve ever had?
Do you feel people underestimate your abilities?
Who are you jealous of?
Have you ever cheated on a test or exam?
What’s your biggest regret in life so far?
Have you ever lied to your best friend? If so, about what?
What’s the strangest food combination you’ve ever tried and liked?
If you could switch lives with anyone for a day, who would it be?
Have you ever crushed on a teacher?
Did you ever secretly crush on someone here?
What’s the most humiliating thing your parents have caught you doing?
Have you ever texted the wrong person and instantly regretted it?
What’s your most irrational fear?
Have you ever had a one-night stand?
What’s the most expensive item you’ve ever stolen (if you have stolen)?
What’s the most childish thing you still do?
Have you ever been caught doing something you should not be doing?
What is the worst nickname you’ve ever been given?
Have you ever shoplifted?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done for a dare in the past?
Have you ever had a supernatural experience?
What’s the most demeaning thing you’ve posted on social media?
Have you ever lied in a resume or job application?
Have you ever embarrassed yourself in front of your boss or teacher?
Have you ever crushed on someone significantly older or younger than you?
What’s the most humiliating thing you’ve done while drunk?
Have you ever had a crush on a fictional character?
What’s the worst lie you’ve ever told your parents?
Have you ever peed in a pool?
Did you ever wear anything embarrassing in public? If so, what?
Have you ever gone commando in public?
Have you ever pretended to like a gift you hated?
What’s the most cringe song on your playlist?
Have you ever had a crush on your best friend’s partner?
What’s the most humiliating thing that’s happened to you during a job interview?
Did you ever eavesdrop on someone’s conversation and immediately regret it?
What’s the most demeaning thing you’ve done to impress someone?
Were you ever caught while telling a big lie?
Have you ever done anything embarrassing while trying to impress your crush?
Did you ever have a run-in with the law?
What’s the most humiliating thing you’ve done in front of a celebrity?
Have you ever had a crush on someone from an online game or forum?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done on a video call?
Did you ever crush on a cartoon character?
Have you ever accidentally embarrassed yourself while trying to look cool?
Did you ever cheat on a board game?
What’s the most cringey thing you’ve done on a first date?
Have you ever walked into the wrong restroom by mistake?
Have you ever embarrassed yourself at a family gathering? How?
Have you ever been caught snooping through someone else’s stuff?
What’s the most embarrassing text message you’ve accidentally sent to the wrong person?
Have you ever lied about your age to get into anywhere?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done on public transportation?
Have you ever pretended to know more about something than you actually do?
Ever let the cat out of the box unknowingly?
What is the most embarrassing gift you ever received?
What is the funniest joke you laughed at for days?
What is the funniest public WiFi name you’ve ever used?
Who is your most recent crush?
Have you ever eaten something off the floor?
Have you ever stolen something from your parents or another person?
Which is your weirdest habit?
If you become poor, what would you do?
What is the most embarrassing music you listen to?
How long have you gone without a shower?
What is the weirdest thing you’ve seen captured in someone’s gallery?
How many gossip conversations do you have/get included in a day?
Do you walk or talk when sleeping?
Would you rather be caught picking your nose or picking a wedgie?
How long have you gone without brushing your teeth?
How often do you wash your sheets?
What is the silliest thing you’re scared of?
Do you believe in ghosts?
Describe the strangest person you’ve ever met.
What do you find weird about your family?
When was the last time you made a mistake on social media?
If you could be reincarnated into anyone’s body, who would you want to become?
What’s one food that you will never order at a restaurant?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done on a school field trip?
Have you ever faked being sick to get out of something?
What’s the most humiliating thing you’ve done while public speaking?
Have you ever had a crush on someone you met on vacation?
What’s the most cringeworthy thing you’ve done while trying to impress your crush’s friends?
Have you ever accidentally sent a private message to a group chat?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done at a wedding?
Have you ever been caught talking to yourself?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done at a concert or music event?
Have you ever crushed on a co-worker?
What’s the most cringeworthy thing you’ve done at a job party or school event?
Have you ever pretended to like a TV show or movie just to fit in?
What’s the most demeaning thing you’ve done at a theme park?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s sibling?
Have you ever embarrassed yourself in a foreign country? If yes, how?
Did you ever pretend to know a famous person you’ve never met?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done at a sports event?
Have you ever had a crush on someone because of their voice?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done at a family reunion?
Have you ever lied about your age to get a discount?
What’s the most cringey stunt you’ve pulled at a birthday party?
Have you ever pretended to like a food you can’t stand?
Have you ever had a crush on a celebrity much older than you?
Have you ever pretended to be someone else online?
What’s the most embarrassing thing you’ve done at a sleepover?
What’s the craziest thing you’ve done at a sleepover?
Have you ever had a crush on a fictional character from a book?
Have you ever pretended to know a foreign language you don’t actually speak?
Have you ever embarrassed yourself at a family dinner? If yes, how?
Have you ever pretended to be an expert on a topic you know nothing about?
Have you ever had a crush on a character from a video game?
What’s the most humiliating thing you’ve done at a church or religious event?
How often do you wash your underwear?
If you could get away with it, would you date two people at once?
What’s in your web history that would be embarrassing if someone saw?
Which actor/actress looks sexy to you?
Who is your forever crush?
What color is your underwear right now?
What’s your most embarrassing late-night purchase?
Have you ever practiced kissing the mirror?
Have you ever tasted your sweat?
Have you ever read anyone’s diary?
Have you ever worn a funny outfit?
Who are you attracted to right now?
What is something illegal you’ve done?
What is the grossest thing you’ve overheard someone do?
Do you want to kiss your ex?
Do you sing or dance while taking a shower?
What is your crush’s personality like?
With whom did you flirt recently?
Read the last thing you sent your best friend or significant other out loud.
What’s the most embarrassing thing you ever did on a date?
What is the craziest pickup line you’ve ever used?
Where is the weirdest place that you’ve ever gone solo?
Have you ever cheated?
What would be in your web history that you’d be embarrassed if someone saw?
Have you ever tried to take a sexy picture of yourself?
Have you ever hacked into someone’s social media to read their messages?
What is the best thing about going on dates?
How flirty do you think you are around people?
What is your flirting style?
When you first met, what was your impression of each other? What has changed over time?
Do you have memories of the craziest thing we have ever done together? What is it?
What is the naughtiest thing you’ve ever done?
Which moments in our lives do you feel should last forever?
What do you find the most attractive in a person?
What do you find the least attractive in a person?
What is an instant deal-breaker in a potential love interest?
What is the one thing that people don’t know about you?
Describe the worst date you’ve ever been on?
Would you marry a rich or a kind person?
How compatible do you think you are with the people you're playing this with?
What’s the most romantic thing you’ve ever done?
What’s the most romantic thing someone has done for you?
When were you last embarassed?
What is the one thing people wrongly judge you about?
What is your greatest fear in a relationship?
What are the top three things you look for in a potential partner?
What do you do for fun?
What is the funniest thing your ex has ever said to you?
Have you ever broken up with someone, and they lured you back using texts that made you feel guilty about yourself?
What was the last thing you searched for on your phone?
If you had to choose between going naked or having your thoughts appear in thought bubbles above your head for everyone to read, which would you choose?
Have you ever walked in on your parents doing it?
After you've dropped a piece of food, what's the longest time you've left it on the ground and then ate it?
Have you ever tasted a booger?
What's the first thing you would do if you woke up one day as the opposite sex?
Have you ever peed in the pool?
Have you ever farted in an elevator?
Of the people here, who do you want to trade lives with?
What are some things you think about when sitting on the toilet?
Did you have an imaginary friend growing up?
Did your parents ever give you the “birds and the bees” talk?
What is your guilty pleasure?
What is your worst habit?
Have you ever walked into a wall?
Do you sing in the shower?
Have you ever peed yourself whilst being over the age of 13?
Have you ever farted loudly in class?
You’re in a public restroom and just went #2, then you realized your stall has no toilet paper. What do you do?
Do you sleep with a stuffed animal?
Do you drool in your sleep?
Who do you like the least here, and why?
What does your dream boy or girl look like?
Who is the sexiest person here?
How would you rate your looks on a scale of 1 to 10?
If you were rescuing people from a burning building and you had to leave one person behind that is here, who would it be?
Do you think you'll marry your current girlfriend/boyfriend?
Have you ever tasted ear wax?
Would you trade in your dog/cat/pet for a million dollars?
What is your biggest pet peeve?
Would you rather lose your sex organs forever or gain 200 pounds?
Would you choose to save 100 people without anyone knowing about it or not save them but have everyone praise you for it?
If you were allowed to marry more than one person, would you? Who would you choose to marry?
If you could only hear one song for the rest of your life, what would it be?
If you lost one day of your life every time you said a swear word, would you try not to do it?
Who here would be the worst person to date? Why?
Would you rather live with no internet or no A/C or heating?
If someone offered you $1 million to break up with your girlfriend/boyfriend, would you do it?
If you were reborn, what decade would you want to be born in?
If you could go back in time in erase one thing you said or did, what would it be?
Has your boyfriend or girlfriend ever embarrassed you?
Have you ever thought about cheating on your partner?
If you could suddenly become invisible, what would you do?
Have you ever been caught checking someone out?
Have you ever waved at someone thinking they saw you when really they didn't? What did you do when you realized it?
What's the longest time you've stayed in the bathroom, and why did you stay for that long?
Have you ever cried because you missed your parents so much?
Would you rather be caught picking your nose or picking a wedgie?
Describe the strangest dream you've ever had. Did you like it?
Have you ever posted something on social media that you regret?
Have you ever ding-dong ditched someone?
The world ends next week, and you can do anything you want (even if it's illegal). What would you do?
Would you wear your shirt inside out for a whole day if someone paid you $100?
What is the most childish thing that you still do?
How far would you go to land the guy or girl of your dreams?
Have you ever kept a library book?
Who is one person you pretend to like but actually don’t?
What children’s movie could you watch over and over again?
When was the last time you wet the bed?
Have you ever accidentally hit something with your car (if you don't own a car, have your parents ever hit something whilst you were in their car)?
Have you ever watched a movie you knew you shouldn’t?
Have you ever wanted to try LARP (Live Action Role-Play)?
What app on your phone do you waste the most time on?
Would you have voted for or against Trump?
What song on the radio do you sing along with every time it comes on?
If you were home by yourself all day, what would you do?
When was the last time you brushed your teeth?
Have you ever used self-tanner?
What do your favorite pajamas look like?
Do you own a onsie? I so, show us a picture of you wearing it.
What part of your body do you love, and which part do you hate?
What was the last R-rated movie you watched?
Do you lick your plate?
What is something that no one else knows about you?
Do you write in a diary?
Have you ever had a crush on a friend’s boyfriend/girlfriend?
You are going to be stuck on a desert island, and you can only bring five things. List them.
If you had to do a game show with someone here, who would you pick?
Who here would you hate to see naked?
Who here would you love to see naked?
If you could only text one person for the rest of your life, but you could never talk to that person face-to-face, who would that be?
What have you seen that you wish you could unsee?
What's the worst weather to be stuck outside in if all you could wear was a bathing suit?
Is it better to use shampoo as soap or soap as shampoo?
If you ran out of toilet paper, would you consider wiping with the empty roll?
What would be the worst part about getting pantsed in front of your crush?
If you could only use one swear word for the rest of your life, which one would you choose?
Who do you think is the Beyonce of the group?
Would you rather eat dog food or cat food?
If you had nine lives, what would you do that you wouldn't do now?
If you could choose to never sweat for the rest of your life or never have to use the bathroom, which would you choose?
If you could spend every waking moment with your girlfriend or boyfriend or crush, would you?
If your crush told you they liked your best friend, what would you do?
If your best friend told you that they liked your crush, what would you do?
Have you ever told a lie about your best friend to make yourself look better?
Who's hotter: you or your friend?
Have you ever shared your friend's secret with someone else?
Rate everyone playing from 1 to 10, with 10 being the hottest.
Rate everyone playing from 1 to 10, with 10 being the best personality.
Have you ever ignored a friend's text? Why did you do it?
How many people have you kissed?
What's your biggest turn-on?
If you could date anyone in the world, who would you date?
Would you rather be skinny and hairy or fat and smooth?
Would you ever date two people at once if you could get away with it?
Have you ever received a nude selfie? Who was it from?
Have you ever sent a nude?
You have to delete every app on your phone, except for five. Name the five you would keep.
Have you ever cursed at your parents? Why?
What is the most attractive feature on a person?
Would you ever be mean to someone if it meant you could save your close friend from embarrassment?
If you could make $1 million, would you drop out of school/education?
Do you frequently stalk anyone on social media? Who?
If you had to choose between dating someone ugly who was good in bed or dating someone hot who was bad in bed, which would you choose?
If you could be invisible, who would you spy on?
Who here would you make out with?
What your favorite body part?
Have you ever been in love?
If your girlfriend/boyfriend hated your best friend, what would you do?
What is your biggest turn-off?
If you had to choose between being poor and smart or being rich and dumb, what would you choose?
What have you lied to your partner about?
Boxers or briefs?
When was the last time you cried?
If every time you checked out a girl's/guy's body you would gain $5, how rich would you be?
Have you ever lied about your age?
Have you ever fallen in love at first sight?
If a boy/girl you didn't like had a crush on you, how would you act around him/her? What if they were your best friend?
What is one disturbing fact we should know about you?
Have you ever smoked?
Have you ever tried drugs?
Have you ever drank alcohol?
What's the craziest thing you've done while under the influence?
Would you go to a nude beach?
Are you still a virgin?
Who's the most annoying person here?
How long was your longest relationship?
If you could have one celebrity follow you on Instagram, who would that be?
Do you want to have kids? How many?
Would you ever get into a long-distance relationship?
Describe the person of your dreams.
Do you want to get married one day?
How tall do you wish you were?
What are you most excited about?
Who do you think is the hottest celebrity?
What was a rumor that went around about you?
Have you ever cheated on a test?
Have you ever stuck gum under a desk?
Have you ever eaten lunch by yourself? Why?
Have you ever gotten into a fight on school grounds?
What was the worst score you’ve ever gotten on a test?
If you had to flash just one person here, who would it be?
Of the people here, who would you go out with?
Who here do you think is the best flirt?
Who's the funniest here?
If you could have one physical feature of someone here, what would that be?
What is your wildest fantasy?
What's the most flirtatious thing you've ever done?
Have you ever flashed someone?
Have you ever sexted anyone?
Have you ever been to a nudist beach? Would you consider going?
Would you ever consider posing for Playboy?
Who has seen you without clothes on?
Have you ever seen a naughty magazine?
Have you ever sent a nude selfie? Who would you send it to?
Have you ever searched for something dirty on the internet?
Who do you most want to sleep with out of everyone here?
What's your favorite body part on your partner?
How many people have you kissed?
Have you ever been attracted to the same sex?
What's your ultimate sexual fantasy?
Do you sleep in the nude?
Would you go out with an older person? How old is too old?
How much money would we have to pay you for you to agree to flash yourself?
Have you ever been in a "friends with benefits" situation?
If you had to go skinny dipping with someone, who here would you choose?
If I paid you $100, would you wear your sexiest clothes to class/work?
If you got to have a threesome with people here, who would you do it with and why?
Let someone go through your YouTube history and read it out to the group.
Let someone go through your Amazon purchase history and read it out to the group.
Have you ever sexted anyone? If so, read one of the sexts in a fake British accent.
What is the most adventurous thing you’d want someone to do to you?
When was the first time you came?
Have you ever cheated?
How many people have you slept with?
What would be more thrilling: angry sex or makeup sex?